POST http://localhost:3004/api/products/accessories
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "product_SKU": "HED-2HN-CHLO-E`ABH",
  "product_name": "233621 Hush Noise Cancelling Headphones. Lightweight Over Ear ANC Bluetooth Headphones. Fast Charge",
  "product_model": "23621",
  "product_image": ["71G0TYew5nL._AC_SL1500_", "81-vXyCjW3L._AC_SL1500_"],
  "product_price": 15000,
  "product_color": "Black",
  "product_colors": ["Gray", "Black", "Red", "Blue", "Brown", "Green"],
  "product_description": ["SUPERIOR NOISE CANCELLING TECHONOLOGY: The 233621 HUSH Wireless Headphones feature our best in class improved hybrid noise cancelling technology that effectively reduces external noise by 96%. Our proprietary Hybrid ANC technology allows you to block the noise around you and focus on what matters, whether you are working from home, on your daily commute, at the office or even on a plane. The HUSH Overhead Headphones feature two levels of Noise Cancellation and an Ambient Mode.", "100 HOURS PLAYTIME & QUICK CHARGE: The HUSH Noise Cancelling Headphones feature an impressive 100 hours battery life with ANC OFF and up to 70 hours of non-stop listening with ANC ON. Forget about needing to charge your headphones every day and enjoy your music. In the case you need to recharge your headphones, just plug them for 10 minutes and enjoy of 2 hours of use with Noise Reduction turned ON. The 1200 mAh li-on battery can be fully recharged in less than 3 hours.", "FOR MUSIC LOVERS: Enabled with Bluetooth 5.0, aptX HD and CVC Call Reduction Technology, the HUSH Over Ear Headphones have custom tuned 40 mm drivers, producing high fidelity sound, rich layered sound effects and amazing sound separation. HUSH features low latency, and superior quality audio allowing to hear even the smallest details in the music and lag free media. HUSH are a great gift for everyone looking for a great quality pair of headphones for on-line work, school and enjoying music.", "CLEAR & STABLE CALLS: The 233621 HUSH ANC Headphones feature CVC call noise reduction technology allow for superior quality, clear hands-free calls, making them great for working and studying from home. Equipped with Bluetooth 5.0 HUSH connect seamlessly with your devices and support connection up to 33 ft.", "LIGHTWEIGHT & COMFORTABLE: Weighing only 7.9 oz (225g) the HUSH Active Noise Cancelling Headphones are extremely lightweight and comfortable for all day use. Memory foam earcups gently mold around your ears, while the headband's rotating earcups automatically adjust the angle to fit the shape of your head- offering maximum comfort and a secure seal. The HUSH Headphones feature collapsible hinges for easy storage."],
  "product_features": ["Active Noise Cancelling(95%)", "Fast Charge", "Vibrating Notification", "Wiireless musics and calls", "Memory flex neck band", "Sweat + Water resistance", "Bluetooth 5.0"],
  "product_specifications": ["Bluetooth Version: 5.0", "Bluetooth Distance: 10 meters / 33 ft", "Talk Time: 8-10 hours", "Music Time: 8-10 hours", "Charging Time: 2-3 hours", "Speaker Unit: 10mm high fidelity"],
  "product_content": ["1 x Bluetooth headset", "1 x USB Charging Cable", "1 x User Manual", "2 x Ear Rubbers", "3 x Pair of Eartips"]
}
